whenever I was in third grade my art
teacher entered one of my artworks into
a local art competition and I was
shocked when I won first place and that
was really the first time anyone had
recognized any type of artistic talent I
didn't realize that I had it so it took
that art educator to see that in me and
that was really the catalyst for me
becoming an art teacher one of my
favorite lessons is where my first
graders create Florida citrus inspired
collage art works
they learn about texture they learn
about overlapping and they learn about
making a collage in addition to
agriculture science and the impact that
Florida citrus has on our Florida
economy to conclude the lesson we plant
citrus trees at our school and so my
students are literally getting their
hands dirty and learning about the
farm-to-table experience that most
definitely represents the dynamic in my
classroom making sure that they are
applying their academic knowledge into
their art education
for two years I had a student and she
was a tough cookie but I really enjoyed
my time with her whether that was
spending the morning eating breakfast
with her before school or taking my
lunch to eat lunch with her or tracking
her down because I heard she had gotten
in trouble in class or making sure she
had Valentines to give out on
Valentine's Day
I knew this student didn't have a mother
at home and her father was doing an
exceptional job but he needed a little
bit of help when that student left in
fifth grade she ended up being suspended
for the last days of school the greatest
thing that happened to me this year was
not being Teacher of the Year the
greatest thing that happened to me this
year is that she won an award she won an
award called the about-face award and
it's for a student who has turned their
life around that small fraction that
small part I played is the reason I'm a
teacher and I was able to congratulate
her and drop her flowers off at her
school and that was most definitely the
best thing that's happened to me this
school year
you